Update x12-edi-connector.adoc (#363)
mulesoft/docs-connectors: modules/ROOT/pages/x12-edi/x12-edi-connector.adoc

= X12 EDI Connector - Mule 4
ifndef::env-site,env-github[]
include::_attributes.adoc[]
endif::[]
:imagesdir: ../../assets/images/

Support Category: Premium
X12 EDI Connector Version 2.1.1

> The Anypoint X12 EDI Connector lets you convert X12 messages to and from DataWeave-compatible representations using lists and maps.

Reviewer: Per Kim, naming convention for connectors is:
Anypoint Connector for X12 EDI
Then short version X12 EDI Connector

Author: I see you have changed this in the first sentence - should this also be changed in the title up top?

Author: Not in titles, got it.

To use the X12 EDI connector in a production environment, you must
have purchased a MuleSoft license for Anypoint B2B.

> NOTE: This connector effectively supports files up to 20MB. As you process files beyond 20MB, consider that the connector has a 40x memory requirement corresponding to the EDI file size. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
NOTE: X12 EDI Connector supports files up to 20MB. If you process files larger than 20MB, consider that the connector has a 40x memory requirement that corresponds to the EDI file size. 
```

> For example, a 30MB X12 (or EDIFACT) file needs 1.4GB of memory. It's important to consider this memory requirement in conjunction with your TPS needs for large files.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, a 30MB X12 (or `EDIFACT`) file needs 1.4GB of memory, so it's important to consider this memory requirement in conjunction with your TPS needs for large files.
```
